soroban-rpc: Replace getLedgerEntry with getLedgerEntries (#66)
stellar/js-soroban-client: CHANGELOG.md

> A breaking change should be clearly marked in this log.
> 
> #### 0.6.2
> * replaced `getLedgerEntry` with `getLedgerEntries`. `getLedgerEntry` is deprecated and should no longer be used.
> 

Reviewer: lol sorry, this isn't ready for release / a final decision on version bump. you should keep it in the "Unreleased" section and we'll tag it when we're ready. also marking it as breaking more explicitly!

```suggestion
A breaking change should be clearly marked in this log.

* **Breaking Change**: Replaced `getLedgerEntry` with `getLedgerEntries`. `getLedgerEntry` is deprecated and should no longer be used ([#66](https://github.com/stellar/js-soroban-client/pull/66)).

```
